GHA setup-java-build should have embedded default maven settings (#257)
Alfresco/alfresco-build-tools: docs/README.md

### setup-java-build

[setup-java-build](../.github/actions/setup-java-build/action.yml) performs the setup of required build tools such as Java and Maven.

> Maven settings file can be placed under repository's root as `.ci.settings.xml` or in different place, which path should be provided in variable `maven-settings`. If settings file will not be provided, 
> then default setting will be installed. Default settings to work properly needs credentials to dependency repository specified in environment variables: `MAVEN_USERNAME` and `MAVEN_PASSWORD`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Maven settings file can either be placed in the repository's root folder as `.ci.settings.xml`, or in a different location. In the latter case, the full path to the settings file should be provided via the `maven-settings` input parameter.
If the Maven settings file is not provided at all, then a default settings file will be installed. The default settings file  requires the following environment variables to be appropriately set with valid credentials: `MAVEN_USERNAME` and `MAVEN_PASSWORD`.
```
